Topic 76.	Foreign language for children @Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Children should begin learning a foreign language as soon as they start school. Use specific reasons and examples to support your position.
Essay 1: I think that children should begin to learn a foreign language as soon as they start school. Even many parents taught their children the foreign language before elementary school. It is obvious that really necessary. 
	People can learn a language easily when they are young. Many older people often say that they are too old to learn a foreign language. They can't remember the words or phrases even after hundreds of times reciting. It's hard for them in faith, but while it's quite different from the young. A healthy child has a better and quicker memory, so the new things he learned may not be forgotten easily with the process of time. 
	When you go to the primary school, you begin to learn the knowledge from your teachers. Most of them use their native language while teaching you. If you don't touch the foreign language you want to learn, the longer you receive the education, the more difficult for you to learn it. More and more opportunities to speak Chinese will effect on the consequence of foreign language study directly, unless we start learning it as soon as the school begins. 
	Another reason for early language study is that the young may dare to talk with foreigners and it's a very good chance to practice oral skills. As you know, many grown-ups are bashful to talk with the foreigners, but Grade One or Two students can do so very easily, for they don't care their grammar or expressions right or not. In fact, neither do the foreigners. If they start to learn a foreign language as soon as they go to school, they may also talk with each other in it. What a good chance! It will help a lot, I think. 
	In a word, learning a foreign language as soon as starting school is helpful and important. It's not a burden but one of the best ways of learning.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: Nowadays, some may hold the opinion that children should begin learning a foreign language as soon as they start school, but others have a negative attitude that learning a foreign language early will pose too much pressure on kids and will affect their mother-tongue learning. As far as I am concerned, I agree that bilingual education should start as early as possible. My arguments for this point are listed as follows. 
	I agree with the statement without reservation since children learn second languages quickly than adults. As we have observed, children can learn languages faster than adults; and immigrant children translate for their parents who have not learned the language; and that child learners speak without a foreign accent, whereas this is impossible for adult learners. Therefore the earlier kids learn a second language, the less difficulties they would meet when they grow up and have to face a foreign language speaking environment. 
	Another reason why I agree with the above statement is that I believe that bilingual education can be fun and stimulate children’s learning interest. Many parents and teachers know how to teach kids a second language in an interesting way. One of my students told me that, when he was in kindergarten, every day his mum taught him a few Chinese characters as well as their meaning in English. As time passed, the kid became keen to learn English. Sometimes he gave mum and dad a quiz by speaking some English words and asking them what their meaning is. 
	Bilingual education will not affect the mother-tongue study of children. As we are living in an environment of pure Chinese conversation and traditional culture, it is impossible for us to give up our culture and language. Teachers also are trying to arrange the curriculum in a proper way. For instance, they create an English-speaking environment for children in the morning, and a Chinese speaking environment in the afternoon. 
	Bilingual education has become a trend. No matter we like it or not, future educational undertakings will become more international, and exchanges between schools throughout the world will increase. Given this, speaking a common language is important and, to this purpose, bilingual teaching is an inevitable way.
@Notes: 
Topic 77.	Should boys and girls attend separate schools? @Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Boys and girls should attend separate schools. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Essay 1: Should boys and girls attend separate schools? This question is very arguable. Before rendering my opinion, let’s consider the advantages for boys and girls to attend separate schools. Since boys and girls are different in many ways, they have different hobbies and the ways to learn new things. If they attend separate schools, the education can be more efficient because the school can teach them differently according to their personalities. But the disadvantages of it is greater. While boys and girls attend separate schools, there’re few chances for them to communicate with opposite sexes, which will become a handicap for them to communicate with each other in their future. 
	As far as I concerned, boys and girls should not attend separate schools. Among countless reason one can think of, the first and foremost reason is that people should have experience with opposite sex when they are in school, because in a society there’re both males and females, people have to learn how to communicate with the opposite sex, which is an essential factor for people to succeed. 
	Moreover, people have to learn from opposite sex. For example, while females should learn braveness from males, males should learn carefulness from females. In addition, in a family, to learn from opposite sex becomes more important to keep the family harmonious. In addition, the knowledge of opposite sex is also important, without such knowledge, dealing with the relationships with opposite sex becomes extremely difficult especially after one’s married. 
	Finally, as we can see, it’s definitely important for boys and girls to attend schools together, so that they can learn from each other, communicate with each other and they can know each other well, which is very valuable for their future.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: Nowadays, some may hold the opinion that boys and girls should attend separate schools, others have a negative attitude. As far as I am concerned, I agree that boys and girls should go to separate schools. My arguments for this point are listed as follows. 
	I agree with the statement since single-sex education provide an environment for boys and girls to concentrate on their study. Research shows that a single-sex school environment can eliminate the distraction from members of the opposite sex, and therefore is academically beneficial to students. Girls in an all-female school can establish self-esteem, and avoid the situation faced by young women in co-ed schools such as struggle to survive emotionally. They will be able to focus more on their academic curriculum, sometimes specifically designed, and prepare for their future education and career. The single-sex setting eliminates social distractions and allows for better concentration on academics. 
	Another reason why I agree with the above statement is that traditional gender stereotypes are often reinforced in single-sex academies. Boys tended to be taught in more regimented, traditional and individualistic fashion and girls in more nurturing, cooperative and open environments. This will develop their virtue and prepare them for their future roles in the society. 
	Taking into account of all these factors, we may reach the conclusion that boys and girls should attend separate schools. Of course, there are also disadvantages of single-gender education, and simply separating boys and girls does not always improve the quality of education. A lot of efforts should be made to ensure that a single-gender education system be successful implemented.
@Notes: 
Topic 78.	Working independently or with a group? @Is it more important to be able to work with a group of people on a team or to work independently? Use reasons and specific examples to support your answer.
Essay 1: In a modern society, employers always face the dilemma of whether to choose a person to work with a group of people or to work independently. This problem is a much-debated one in that it affects everybody in his or her daily lives. While both of the ways may have their advantages and disadvantages, they can be applied under different circumstances. Afterwards, I will explain my opinion about it. 
	To work independently has the obvious advantage that it can prove the ability of an employee. One can use his own knowledge and way to solve the difficulties met during the work. But there lies intrinsic harmful characteristic in this method. Some people warn that a person choosing to work independently may lack the ability of communicating with other people. Furthermore, a person's knowledge and ability are limited. We need others' help or assistance to solve the problems. By means of it, we can improve the efficiency so that a company can make good use of human resources. 
	On the other hand, choosing to work with a group of people also has advantages to some extent. From most advertisements, we can notice that nowadays more and more companies concentrate on communication skills and team-cooperated abilities. The reason is that they believe two heads are always better than one's. With the combination of all people's knowledge, we can solve the problem or bring out a better solution as soon as possible. In addition, to work with team also can save the time and make more money for companies. As we know, it is a strong competitive society. Time can means a lot to a company. To work with a team can reduce the time to the lowest extend so that the company can increase their competition. Although to work with a team does have its profound advantages, at the mean time there lies some drawbacks in it such as an individual may rely on the others in a team. 
	But if all these factors are contemplated, the advantages of working with a group of people carry more weight than those of working independently because the first one fits most companies better in two ways: In the first place, we cannot live in a society independently and we need to communicate with each other, so the communication skill is very important to us. Through teamwork, we can enhance this ability. Secondly, through teamwork, we can try each one's best to give a better idea to save time and make more profit for companies. Therefore from what we have discussed, we may safely come to the conclusion that choosing to work with a group of people is a rather wise decision.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: In a modern society, employers always face the dilemma of whether to choose a person to work with a group of people or to work independently. This problem is a much-debated one in that it affects everybody in his or her daily lives. While both of the ways may have their advantages and disadvantages, they can be applied under different circumstances. Afterwards, I will explain my opinion about it. 
	To work independently has the obvious advantage that it can prove the ability of an employee. One can use his own knowledge and way to solve the difficulties met during the work. But there lies intrinsic harmful characteristic in this method. Some people warn that a person choosing to work independently may lack the ability of communicating with other people. Furthermore, a person's knowledge and ability are limited. We need others' help or assistance to solve the problems. By means of it, we can improve the efficiency so that a company can make good use of human resources. 
	On the other hand, choosing to work with a group of people also has advantages to some extent. From most advertisements, we can notice that nowadays more and more companies concentrate on communication skills and team-cooperated abilities. The reason is that they believe two heads are always better than one's. With the combination of all people's knowledge, we can solve the problem or bring out a better solution as soon as possible. In addition, to work with team also can save the time and make more money for companies. As we know, it is a strong competitive society. Time can means a lot to a company. To work with a team can reduce the time to the lowest extend so that the company can increase their competition. Although to work with a team does have its profound advantages, at the mean time there lies some drawbacks in it such as an individual may rely on the others in a team. 
	But if all these factors are contemplated, the advantages of working with a group of people carry more weight than those of working independently because the first one fits most companies better in two ways: In the first place, we cannot live in a society independently and we need to communicate with each other, so the communication skill is very important to us. Through team work, we can enhance this ability. Secondly, through team work, we can try each one's best to give a better idea to save time and make more profit for companies. Therefore from what we have discussed, we may safely come to the conclusion that choosing to work with a group of people is a rather wise decision.
@Notes: 
Essay 3: Some people like to work independently, while others would prefer to work in a team. Is it more important to be able to work with a group of people on a team or to work independently? Depending on different personal traits and working environments, people will have different answer to this question. I think being able to work in a team is more important for me. 
	First, modern society and industry is a complicated system which requires team work, communication and cooperation between companies and individuals. Take a computer system for example, it comprises of hardware, operating system and software, which are manufactured separately by different companies. Not one single company can accomplish a computer system without using products and technologies from other companies. Similarly, in a company, communication and teamwork is more and more important because I cannot do my work properly without interacting with my supervisor and my colleagues. 
	Second, there are many advantages of working in a group than working alone. Teamwork provides me with a cooperative, friendly and enjoyable work environment. The team can also be helpful with my questions and problems, therefore increase the efficiency of my work. Teamwork can challenge my abilities and I can learn valuable experiences from it. From teamwork, I can also made valuable contacts with other professionals, which is quite helpful to my future career. 
	Third, the ability of working independently does not contradict with the ability to work in a team. For example, in a team environment, I enjoyed being a major contributor to my team. The fact that others depended on my work made me feel like I was doing worthwhile things. For example, I was in charge of the front end for the GUI for the new test manager. This was very valuable, because I know how important working on a team is. 
	Inclusion, I think the most important quality for me in my work environment is the ability to work with others in a team.
@Notes: 
Topic 79.	Building a statue for one famous person @Your city has decided to build a statue or monument to honor a famous person in your country. Who would you choose? Use reasons and specific examples to support your choice.
Essay 1: The answer to this question depends on your own experience and life style. In my point view, if we should build a statue or monument to honor someone important to our city, this person is no one else but people in our city. Among countless factors which influence the choice, these are three conspicuous aspects as follows. 
	The main reason for my propensity for building a monument for people is that people are the greatest resources of our city. (……) 
	Another reason can be seen by every person is that people are productive forces. (……) 
	Furthermore, many works in the city can never fully be automated by computers and machines. Although we can use the latest technologies, we never forget that there is no substitute for human skill and creativity. 
	In short, the most important and honorable person in this city is not a single person, it is the people. People are heroes. For our city to survive and thrive, it is essential that the city update its approach to managing its most important asset - the people.
@Notes: 
Topic 80.	The most important custom from your country @Describe a custom from your country that you would like people from other countries to adopt. Explain your choice, using specific reasons and examples.
Essay 1: The answer to this question depends on your own experience and the country you were brought up. In my point view, the most important custom from my country that I would like people from other countries to adopt is filial piety. 
	According to Chinese tradition, filial piety is the primary duty of all Chinese. Being a filial son means show respect to one's parents during their lifetime and - as they grew older - taking the best possible care of them. 
	A story can best illustrate the concept of filial piety. During the Chin Dynasty (4th-5th Century CE), a boy named Wu Meng was already serving his parents in exemplary filial piety although he was just eight years old. The family was so poor that they could not even afford a gauze net against the mosquitoes. Therefore every night in the summer swarms of mosquitoes would come and bite them. Wu Meng let them all feast on his naked stomach. Even though there were so many, he did not drive them away. He feared that the mosquitoes, having left him, would instead bite his parents. His heart was truly filled with love for his parents. 
	Filial piety is a good virtual of Chinese people, and people from other countries should also learn from it. Parents gave us birth and nurtured us, therefore we have the obligation to respect them and to take care of them when they can no longer take care of themselves. Western countries have complete social welfare systems to support people financially after they retire, but older people often face loneliness; they long for somebody to talk to them, especially their children and grand-children. We should try our best to spend more time with them, talk to them, and take them to family gatherings and trips to the nature. 
	Filial piety can benefit our society. It can make our family tie stronger, and children can learn a lot from our attitude to our parents and from their grandparents. They can realize how important a family is to a person, and develop a strong sense of responsibility to their families and friends. For example, when it is necessary to stand out to defend our families and even the nation for danger, we will not hesitate to do so, because we know how important our families and our country is to us. 
	In short, the most important custom from my country that I would like people from other countries to adopt is to be good to their parents. It is not only ensure that our parents can be taken good care of when they are getting old, but also help our children to develop good virtues and spirits.
@Notes: 
Topic 81.	Technology has changed the world @Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Technology has made the world a better place to live. Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.
Essay 1: These are several viewpoints on the implications of technological change and advancement and such schools of thought which considerably vary have their respective validity. Technological change has its advantages and disadvantages. For one, it is true that it partly solves problems and makes life better. At the same time, technological changes may likely create new problems thereby threatening or damaging quality of life. In the developing economies, for instance, technological advantages has both its merits and demerits. The introduction and seeming acceptability and usefulness of computers have somehow helped increase the efficiency of several firms. It is not only in the industrial sector that technological change proven to be very effective. In the agricultural sector, for example, the introduction of new technologies in increasing production has been very effective in expanding agricultural produce. These are just a few examples to illustrate the advantages of technological advancement. 
	On the other hand, countries should be more careful on their choice of technology since it must be noted that while certain types of technology are adaptable to developed economies the same type of technology may not fit the environment of developing countries due to differing economic, social, cultural, and political factors. For example, infrastructure improvements such as a construction of irrigation dam in the mountains of the Philippines where several natives reside may likely be resisted by the population due to cultural factors. They may prefer not to have such improvements in view of traditional values. Another example is the pollution impact of some technological improvements particularly in the industrial sectors. 
	The choice and adaptability of new technology should therefore be carefully studied. The short, medium, and long term impact of such technology is very important particularly for developing economies. The benefits should always be greater than the costs. 
	I am inclined to support both positions because both views have their own validity. However, I am more convinced that technological advancement is beneficial to countries so long as they are aware of the disadvantages of such technology.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: Nowadays, we are in an age of technological revolutions. Many conveniences have been brought to us by technology and science. I agree with the statement that technology has made the world a better place to live. The reasons and examples are chiefly as follows: 
	The developments of computers and internet have improved our life styles dramatically. Computers have changed our traditional ways of reading and writing, which bring us great convenience. The combination of computers and internet has made our living quite different from before. Electronic mail is a useful example: computer users can communicate with one another across the globe. Electronic mail is particularly beneficial for language students. Learners can enjoy language exchange with native speakers through electronic mail. 
	Another good example is the invention of automobiles. Actually automobiles have been an integral part of every industrial economy. Many people use an automobile to get to work, many others - trade man, salesman, taxi drivers, and police men - use automobiles as part of their work. On a larger scale, car production is possibly the most important element of national industrial performance. All in all, it is incredible to imagine a modern world will be like without automobiles. 
	Likewise, international jet transport has had some revolutionary effects on our lifestyles. Because the high speed and relatively low costs of this type of travel, it has changed the way people look at the world. Today the world is much smaller than it was in the past. 
	Admittedly, technological advances also caused so unpleasant effects such as pollution of automobile exhaust fumes, and noise of transport vehicles. But as people have realized those problems and are trying to find ways to solve them, on the whole, I believe that technology has made the world a better place to live.
@Notes: 
Essay 3: Standing at the turn of the new century, we observe the twentieth century as a great advance in technology. With those advances, human lives have changed dramatically. In some ways, life is worse, but mostly, it is better. So personally speaking, I am, and probably will always be, one of those who agree with the idea that technology has made the world a better place to live. 
	First of all, technology has brought with it a more comfortable life. Not only do we use air-condition and heating system during the summer and winter, but also do we take many changes in food preparation methods to make so delicious food. Due to the development of architecture and so on, living conditions are greatly improved nowadays. 
	Besides, the world is now more convenient to live. We can travel around by airplane and railway network. We can talk to each other faraway by telephone. Several score years ago, it was even daydreaming that we could today obtain information as well as commodities via Internet. 
	The last but not the least, through the process of technology improvement, people begin to realize the fact that only reconciling with the nature can we keep a continuous development. That is why we today pay so much attention to environmental protection. Many factories have achieved economic growth without pollution under certain new technology. These cities are beginning to be very beautiful places to live in. 
	Instances of the same sort can be multiplied indefinitely. When taking into account all these merits we may safely arrive at the conclusion that advantages of technology outweigh any disadvantage it may bring to our lives. Though I must admit that people sometimes invent some things that threaten the lives of themselves, no one can ignore the additional convenience and satisfaction offered by technology, and just with such experience the human being forge ahead swiftly to the future.
@Notes: 
Essay 4: With the development of technology, there have been a lot of changes to our life. Admittedly, some of these changes are bad, causing many environmental and social problems. However, most of these changes contribute to making our life more convenient, more comfortable and more wonderful. 
	First of all, due to the improvement of technology, people can enjoy more convenience than ever. For example, it only takes travelers or businessmen several hours to go to other countries by jet plane, which makes the world seem to be much smaller. With the help of Internet, people at different corners of the world can communicate with significantly high speed and low cost. It is technology that has cleared away the barriers that once prevented people from leading a convenient life. 
	Secondly, technology has made our life as comfortable as we can imagine. Sitting in air-conditioned rooms, people do not have to suffer the extremely cold or hot weather any more. Whatever vegetable or fruit we want to eat, we can always find it in a supermarket without worrying about the season. We can also go to work in a place far away from our homes by using automobiles or public transportation tools. 
	In addition, technology provides us many choices to spend our spare time. Listening to music by using an MD, MP3 or Walkman, surfing the internet or watching digital movies, all of these entertainments make our life wonderful. In conclusion, although technology has brought about some problems, such as air pollution caused by increasing automobiles, ethnic problems caused by cloning human beings, the benefits of technology far outweigh its bad influences. So it is safe to say that technology has made the world a better place to live.
@Notes: 
Essay 5: Whether technology has made the world a better place to live is a prevalent topic undergoing serious debate. After pondering it from several aspects, I totally agree it is true that technology has made the world a better place to live. This I support with the following reasons 
	As we know, firstly technology can help people to live a longer life. A small example can give some light to this point. At the Stone Age, our ancestors’ average age is about 25. Due to the development of medical technology, now people’s average age is two or three times of that time. 
	Another reason why I prefer to this choice lies in the fact that technology ameliorate the environment in which people living in. for example, thousands of years ago people lived in caves, which are cold in winter and hot in summer. With using Architectural technology, people build up houses, skyscrapers. Living in them, people enjoy the comfortable lives without worrying about the whether it is hot, cold or rainy outside. 
	Finally I want to mention that technology has bring our lives more and more convenience. For instance, many people like music, classic music or pop music. At the beginning, people must go to the theater whenever he wanted to hear a song. Today, by using great technologies, walk man and disc man are supplied for the music fans. Then they can enjoy their favorite songs anywhere and anytime. 
	From what has been discussed above, we can safely draw the conclusion that technology has made the world a better place to live.
@Notes: 
Topic 82.	Advertising tell about a country @Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Advertising can tell you a lot about a country. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Essay 1: Nowadays some may hold the opinion that advertising can tell you a lot about a country. As far as I am concerned, I agree with this statement. My arguments for this point are listed as follows. 
	One of the primary causes is that advertising is always a reflection of a country’s culture and customs. Advertising varies from country to country, depending on the country's particular conventions. For example, a Japanese advertisement may feature a Japanese lady with traditional kimono, while an American advertisement may feature a western cowboy with a hat and ride a horse. Through advertisement, we can have a general understanding of what people from other countries look like, what they wear during their daily life, what they eat, what kind of transportation they use, and what they do during their spare times. We can always learn different cultures of different countries through these culture specific advertisements. 
	A further more subtle point we must consider is that we can understand a country by its products. When we see a Toyota or a SONY advertisement on TV, we realize that Japanese people see quality as a vital aspect of their products, and we know that how these people are always trying their best in high technology development, and ensure the best quality in their products. When we have gained a deeper understanding of a product, we can also gain a deeper understanding of that country and people. 
	What is more, when we become curious about the culture and customs of a country through advertisement, we are willing to spend more time on reading about the country, explore more deeply about it, and even someday travel to a country we like to visit. All these might have started with a small advertisement on TV! Is that amazing? 
	In short, advertising can really tell you a lot about a country's culture and customs.
@Notes: 
Topic 83.	Modern technology @Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Modern technology is creating a single world culture. Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.
Essay 1: I strongly agree with the statement that modern technology is creating a single world culture. Modern technology like computer and internet is bringing people together, and making the world getting smaller. 
	First of all, with the development of modern technologies such as computers, English is becoming the most important language in the world, and the importance of other languages is getting weaker and weaker. Admit or not, the most common language used today on the internet is English, this makes English becomes the one and only most important language in the world. On the other hand, computers can cross the barrier of human language. No matter where people are, and no matter which language people speak, they always use computers the same way, and basically they are using the same kind of software packages, like Windows Operating Systems and word processing software packages. Computer language is also a universal language. Programmers from different part of the world can work in the Silicon Valley. Although they might have difficulties in communication in English, they have no problem at all writing programs with Java, or C++. 
	Besides, the development of the internet is uniform zing people's life style. Internet is being used in almost every corner the world. People are doing almost everything with the internet, like getting all sorts of information, shopping online, paying for their bills and checking their balances in the online bank. Over 90 per cent of people in the world use the same kind of internet browser - MS Internet Explorer, and almost every internet page looks like the same, although they use different language and design. People from all over the world are doing the same thing each day on the internet, and their living habit is becoming closer and closer with each passing day. 
	In addition, modern technology has facilitated the communications among people from all over the world, and therefore result a single world culture. For instance, people can chat with a friend or a stranger who lives abroad on the phone, internet, and they can also see and listen to him/her through a camera and a microphone just like face to face. This helps one culture learns from other culture, and bring the world together. Before people can see each other through TV, they used to wear their local costumes; nowadays T-shirt and blue jeans have become a universal custom for people. This is a concreate example that modern development is creating a single world culture. 
	Based on the points discussed above, we can see why I agree with that modern technology is creating a single world culture.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: In modern society, technology has brought us amazing surprises everyday. Someone claims that modern technology is creating a single world culture. I completely disagree with this statement. I will list some of my reasons here. 
	Firstly, I believe that modern technology has improved multiculturalism and the communication between cultures. With modern communication technology such as TVs and phones, we can see what people at the other end of the world is doing, and with a modern airplane, we can travel to every corner of the world. This will greatly help us understand the cultural diversity of this world, and we will learn to appreciate the cultural difference of people from different part of the earth. 
	Secondly, modern technology increases the communication between cultures. Eastern people can learn good virtual from western culture such as politeness and self-cultivation; and western people can also learn a great deal of good virtual from eastern culture such as modesty and filial piety of one’s parents. By communication, one culture can learn from other culture and evolve. 
	Thirdly, modern technology helps us to preserve our cultural relics and world treasures, and discover our culture in the past. We can also explore and discover more about our past, and have a better understanding of now and the future. For instance, Xi’an is famous for its figures of warriors and horses buried in the emperor’s tombs. In the modern world, we explore some of these tombs so that we would understand the remote and longstanding culture of Qin Dynasty in China’s history. 
	Indeed, modern technology has shorten the distance between cultures, and made this world smaller. But we cannot say that it is creating a single world culture. On the contrary, with the help of modern technology, we find this world more and more diversify and colorful.
@Notes: 
Topic 84.	Information from the Internet @Some people say that the Internet provides people with a lot of valuable information. Others think access to so much information creates problems. Which view do you agree with? Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.
Essay 1: What things can be widely used in education, business, government, family and almost all the other fields all over the world? One answer is the Internet, which is a great communication tool in the 21st century. Some people claim that the 21st century could not exist without the Internet. Therefore, children and young adults should use the Internet freely everywhere. Personally, I have the impression that there are some flaws in this seemingly indisputable proposition. Children and young adults should not use the Internet freely for three reasons, and some safe programs and filters are indeed needed in the Internet. 
	For one thing, the children and young adults that use the Internet freely might get the wrong information by chance. Children and young adults can be influenced easily by many new things. The Internet is so wide that it includes some wrong information such as violence and pornography. That information can cause many bad effects on the children and young adults, which are bad for them are growing. For example, there is some violence information in the Internet. After the children and young adults watch that by chance, they might follow the violence way from the Internet to solve the problems. Consequently, we have to use some kinds of software to block this kind of information. This highly technical software has already been developed well. Parents can just trust this kind of software in order to prevent children from accessing the blocked websites, which includes the wrong information. 
	For another thing, the children and young adults using the Internet freely might cause some computer problems. As the Internet is used on the computers, it is related to the computers closely. The computer is a highly technical machine that sometimes is hard to control. As a result, some bad things may have loopholes to get into the computer such as the computer viruses. If the children and young adults use the Internet freely without some safe programs their computers will probably be infected with computer viruses. For example, many years ago, I used my computer on the Internet without any safe programs. One day, I found my computer was abnormal and called a computer expert to look over it. He said my computer must be infected with computer viruses from the Internet and suggested I use the safe program to prevent the viruses. Since then, I have used the Internet with the safe program every time and never get the computer viruses any more. In addition, there are also some computer hackers on the Internet who always attack others’ computers or steal the data from others’ computers, which is a serious problem for the computer users. Therefore, a safe program is really needed for the computer users to prevent the viruses and hackers while they are using the Internet. 
	Furthermore, by using some filters we can save a lot of time to distinguish the useful and unnecessary information. Most people use the Internet to find and get information. There are so great quantities of information on the Internet that we usually have to spend quite a long time to find the useful information. Whereas, if we use some filters, we can distinguish the useful and unnecessary information easily. For example, my E-mail box always receives some pornographic junk mail, which are very disagreeable. After I use the filters to block those mails’ senders, that mail cannot get into my E-mail box any more. However, the Internet is such an interesting thing that people who enjoy it may keep on surfing on the net. People who have little ability of self-control will lose themselves in the information highway spending a long time in front of the screen, which is absolutely bad for their health. Thus, the filters are quite useful when we use the Internet. 
	Some people hold that children and young adults use the Internet freely can widen their eyes of the world. However, I think using the Internet with the filters can also get the information much enough to widen their eyes. Most parents do not use the filters because they do not know how useful the filters are. The filters are so good now that we can choose the different ways to get the different kinds of information. Using the filters can make the limit to help the children and young adults known more about the things that are useful for them. If the children and young adults use the Internet freely, they may lose their directions. As a result, they might not only widen their eyes, but also waste a lot of time. The filters can help us to prevent getting into the websites that we will never use them anyway so that we could widen our eyes of the world by using the filters. 
	As the Internet becomes more and more popular, the way of using Internet will also become more and more advanced. Consequently, children and young adults should use the Internet with some new advanced programs to get the information easily. They should try to learn the better way to use the Internet such as by the safe programs and filters. As a result, the Internet will be really good for them.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: The Internet Provides people with a lot of information, but is this information valuable, or so much information create problems for us? In my point of view, everything has its two sides, and the value of the Internet far outweighs the disadvantages it brings to us. 
	The Internet has been beneficial to people around the globe. My view is a common sense one, based on the fact that the Web is a vast storehouse of information and opinion, which can be scientific, literary, political, sporting or sexual. Anyone with access to a computer and a dialup connection can unlock the door and trawl through its offerings. 
	The Internet can be used as a broad base of knowledge that contributes to the educational system. 
	Students and teachers benefit from the use of the Internet, as well as administrators and others outside of formal education. Students benefit because the Internet provides a resource to supplemental information for any subject. Educators benefit because the Internet provides a vast knowledge base to prepare for topics. People are not only learning from the Internet, they are contributing and sharing knowledge through networked communities. The Internet is the advancement of education for all its users. 
	Internet can deliver better customer services to people. The Internet is changing the way we do business. Using Internet broadcasting, we are able to target the right audience, prepare and present a technical presentation on a popular topic, interact with new customers, and collect hundreds of highly qualified leads. As Internet companies continue to find innovative ways to leverage the capabilities of the Internet for businesses, the more we will learn how to provide optimal solutions for customers. Which in turn, will greatly benefit people. 
	The Internet today is a way to transfer and share information. On the whole, it is a benefit to individuals of all kinds. We do have problems surrounding the Internet that need to be solved, but as with all new technologies there are debates and opinions. Since the Internet technology is spreading, it will soon become as popular as all other forms of communication. If you have not tried it, do so.
@Notes: 
Topic 85.	Where should visitors go in your country? @A foreign visitor has only one day to spend in your country. Where should this visitor go on that day? Why? Use specific reasons and details to support your choice.
Essay 1: If you attend a conference in China, and would like to take a one-day-visit on site seeing and shopping, there are three factors you might consider: this place must have special tourist features which can represent China, and this place must be close to the place where the meeting is held, therefore you do not have to spend too much time on traveling. 
	If you are in northern part of China, the best place that you should visit is the city of Beijing, although spending one day in Beijing is too short of a period to fully explore the splendors of the city. Nevertheless, for those of you without the luxury of time, make sure you don't miss a few key points of interest - the Summer Palace, the Forbidden Palace, the Forbidden City, and the Great Wall of China. 
	The Summer Palace is a royal retreat located on the bank of a large lake. Visitors can walk along a waterfront promenade that leads to a concrete ship docked at the far end of the walk. At the concrete ship, you can take a ferry back to the entrance of the palace. Something you may want to do while at the Summer Palace is go into the gift shop, get dressed in traditional Chinese clothing, and pose for a souvenir photograph. 
	The Forbidden Palace is absolutely breathtaking. There are a series of gates that lead to the main palace grounds. Pay particular attention to the stairwells in the palace courtyards. There are slabs carved with intricate dragon designs, which the emperor was suspended over in a caravan whenever he left the palace grounds. It would be a good idea to get a local guide to lead you around the palace and explain the significance of various buildings. 
	Finally, don't miss the Great Wall. It's located outside of the city and it takes up most of the day, but its well worth it. When you ascend the Great Wall, there are two paths - one veering to the left and the one veering to the right. The path on the right is less steep and an easier climb. However, if you take the path to the left, you can see the remains of the original wall, and there is a cable car you can take down to the parking area. 
	Shopping in Beijing is becoming more convenient by the day. The Silk Market at Xiushui Jie is favorites among tourists, experts and locals alike. There you can bargain with the shop owners and buy good quality cloths with a very low price, you can even see plenty of pirated software- ironically, within sight of the US Embassy. 
	So, there you have it. I encourage anyone to spend at least a few days in Beijing, because there are so much to see.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: If a foreign visitor has only one day to spend in my country - China, I will recommend him to live in an average Chinese family for that special day. There is no denying that the one-day experience with an average Chinese family will be invaluable for his life and future career, if given a chance to work or live in China in the foreseeable future! 
	As is known to all, to live with an average Chinese family for only one day, the foreign visitor could not get an overall picture of the average Chinese's life style and their culture; but in another way, even at the very beginning of being enthusiastically welcomed at the threshold of the house, he must be overwhelmed by the enthusiasm delivered by Chinese people who are famous for their hospitality; so that he is given a vivid lesson about the characteristics of the Chinese people. Of course, hospitality is merely one of the virtues Chinese people possess, but it is of vital importance to get familiar with the natives, to read the thoughts of the natives through their manners, or even their gestures, and finally be emerged into the life of the native Chinese more harmoniously than those who do not have such an experience! 
	Besides, to live with an average Chinese family, a foreigner will get first-hand information about the situation of the common Chinese people's the life quality, their main expenses, and their hobbies in their spare time and so on. This first-hand information is of preliminary importance if he wants to get an insider’s view of this country. 
	The third reason is that it is the best way for a foreigner to confirm whether he has read or heard in his own country is true or not is to look into the average Chinese people's life in person. If a foreigner is also a well-informed person, he must be buried with bulks of information all shouting about the so-called "insider's view" about the circumstances of the life of the Chinese people in today's China; and if he is a critical reader, he should not swallow all that without even asking "is that true?" Accordingly, I would say to the foreigner that to live with an average Chinese family will deserve all your endeavor and it is the perfect way to spend your one-day tour in China!
@Notes: 
Topic 86.	Go back in the past @If you could go back to some time and place in the past, when and where would you go? Why? Use specific reasons and details to support your choice.
Essay 1: Back to January 19th, 2002.
	Till now, there is only one thing that makes me feel repentant of. My girlfriend died in Japan, and at that time I was doing my TOEFL test. If I could go back to some time and place in the past, I choose to go back to January 19th 2002... 
	I will use a story to show the reasons for choosing this time in the past. My girlfriend's was Christina. Her father is Japanese, and her mother is Chinese. That is why she looks as beautiful as an angel. Last winter vacation, I was preparing for the TOEFL test. Of course, I did not pay enough time for her as usual. I only saw her for twice a month. The night before the TOEFL test, she came to my house. I enjoyed her cooking, and everything looked fine as usual. The next morning, she cooked the breakfast for me. 
	Before I left, she kissed me and said "Jackey, good luck. I love you!" I replied: "Thanks, honey! I love you, too." The test goes fine. After the test, my cell phone rang as I turned it on. It is one of my best friends Moon. He said "Jackey, Christina went back to Japan. She tried to kill herself. Now she is in the hospital and she is in danger period. You must arrive to the airport in three minutes. The visa, passport and the air ticket are in the car. You have to come to Japan right now. 
	We will see you in Japan!" 
	When I saw her, she said, “I think your business is more important than me. I do not think you need me anymore! Goodbye, forever." She sleeps forever. If I go back to the time, I will stay with her and spend much more time on her. I even can drop my business. 
	In fact, it is impossible for backing that time! Christina is died. There is not another Christina for me, but will have four times per year for the TOEFL test. The lost would never be back.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: If I were afforded the opportunity to go back to a specific time and place in the past, I would venture back to ancient Greece. During the 5th century B.C., the Greeks were in the process of developing and reforming a wide range of cultural, social, and scientific pursuits which still have a significant impact on the world today. 
	In the arts, Greece excelled in many fields, particularly dramatic literature. The works of Sophocles, Euripides and Aristophanes have had a tremendous influence not only on western literature, but also western thought in general. The works of these playwrights are still performed on stages around the world today. However, it would be a rare and exciting opportunity to see these plays performed for the first time. 
	The ancient Greeks also excelled in the social sciences. Perhaps their greatest contribution in this area came in the form of democracy. The Greek words "Demo" and "Cracy" mean "People" and "Rule" respectively. Today, many of the world's great nations have adopted, and to a certain extent, modified the ancient Greek system. Yet, its birth and early maturation period all took place in ancient Greece. 
	Academic subjects such as Philosophy, Astronomy, Physics and Biology also received a great deal of attention in the ancient Greek world. The philosophical writings of Heraclitus, Plato, and Aristotle have had a profound influence on western scholarship for well over two thousand years. The Mathematical theories of Pythagoras and Euclid, combined with theories from other great ancient civilizations, provided a foundation upon which later mathematicians such as Newton and Einstein based their work. 
	The world of the Ancient Greeks would most certainly be an exciting and stimulating place to go back to. Politics, Drama, Physics, and a number of other subjects were still in their infancy, and all were being fiercely debated and examined. It would undoubtedly be and enriching experience to observe and take part in such a fascinating civilization.
@Notes: 
Topic 87.	The most important discovery @What discovery in the last 100 years has been most beneficial for people in your country? Use specific reasons and examples to support your choice.
Essay 1: I think the most important discovery that has been the most beneficial for people in my country is the invention of Internet. So far as I can tell, the Internet has been beneficial to people around the globe. My view is a common sense one, based on the fact that the Web is a vast storehouse of information and opinion, which can be scientific, literary, political, sporting or sexual. Anyone with access to a computer and a dialup connection can unlock the door and trawl through its offerings. 
	The Internet can be used as a broad base of knowledge that contributes to the educational system. Students and teachers benefit from the use of the Internet, as well as administrators and others outside of formal education. Students benefit because the Internet provides a resource to supplemental information for any subject. Educators benefit because the Internet provides a vast knowledge base to prepare for topics. People are not only learning from the Internet, they are contributing and sharing knowledge through networked communities. The Internet is the advancement of education for all its users. 
	Internet can deliver better customer services to people. The Internet is changing the way we do business. Using Internet broadcasting, we are able to target the right audience, prepare and present a technical presentation on a popular topic, interact with new customers, and collect hundreds of highly qualified leads. As Internet companies continue to find innovative ways to leverage the capabilities of the Internet for businesses, the more we will learn how to provide optimal solutions for customers. Which in turn, will greatly benefit people. 
	The Internet today is a way to transfer and share information. On the whole, it is a benefit to individuals of all kinds. We do have problems surrounding the Internet that need to be solved, but as with all new technologies there are debates and opinions. Since the Internet technology is spreading, it will soon become as popular as all other forms of communication. If you have not tried it, do so.
@Notes: 
Topic 88.	Telephones and email @Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Telephones and email have made communication between people less personal. Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.
Essay 1: At first glance, this statement may sound plausible because except from personal contact, every other forms of communication, including telephones and emails, are indirect ways of communication. But shall we get a conclusion that telephones and email have made communication between people less personal? To answer this question, we should look at the following points: 
	First, telephone and email are more efficient ways of communication. Telephones and email are becoming more and more important for us today. We use telephones for conversations to our friends and family; we use email to transfer important information and documents, even photo and multi-media files. With a phone, we can order services and make enquiries regarding a service without physically present in the place, this will save us so much time and energy. In time of emergencies, when it is impossible for us to physically go to a police station or a hospital, we can simply call 911, an emergency vehicle will come to us in ten minutes. Imagine how hard it will be for us if we do not have access to a telephone under emergency situations. 
	Second, telephones and email increase the chances that people communicate. Although face-to-face personal contact is more close and intimate than making phone calls or sending emails, we actually do not have much time to visit each other. Furthermore, people have their own private life. Sometimes they do not want to be disturbed by visitors. A phone call or an email message is always the most proper and courteous way to make contact with people, and are not restrained by time or occasions. For example, during the Chinese New Year’s, more and more people make phone calls to our friends and folks, or send electronic cards through email, wishing them a happy new year, instead of actually travel to their friends’ house to make a visit. 
	In conclusion, telephones and email are convenient ways to communicate and can actually increase the communication between people. They maybe less personal, but they are surely more effective means of communication.
@Notes: 
Topic 89.	Meeting a famous person from history @If you could travel back in time to meet a famous person from history, what person would you like to meet? Use specific reasons and examples to support your choice.
Essay 1: If I could travel back in time to meet a famous person, I would most like to meet and speak with Siddhartha Gautama: The Buddha. If by "enlightenment" one means a complete understanding of the universe, then Buddha, having achieved "enlightenment", would be fully capable of answering all questions relating to the origins, condition, and destiny of the universe. 
	Perhaps the first thing I would like to discuss, upon meeting Buddha, would be the events surrounding the birth of the universe. How and why did the universe come into being? Are contemporary physicists correct in assuming that all matter emerged spontaneously from a single point beyond time and space? The Big Bang! And does this theory compliment or contradict the theories of other great religious thinkers who claimed that all life emerged from a primordial source. The "void" 
	Following our discussion of the origins of the universe, I would like to ask Buddha a number of questions concerning the "human condition." Why are Mankind, the planet Earth and the universe structured the way they are? What is the purpose of life? Why does existence contain such drastic opposites: love and hate, good and evil, joy and suffering? 
	Having gained an understanding of both the universe and the human condition, I would then like to move on to a discussion of Mankind's destiny. What is then ultimate fate of the universe, and in turn, life? Is it true, as some great thinkers have suggested, that the universe and everything in it return to the void from which it emerged? And what about God? Is God a personal entity, as some religions claim? Or is God the impersonal source of all that exists? The impersonal source of the void! 
	Throughout history, intelligent men and women have thought deeply about God, fate, destiny, and the origins of the universe. The opportunity to have these questions answered by one who lived in the not too distant past, would truly be a remarkable experience.
@Notes: 
Topic 90.	Meeting a famous entertainer or athlete? @If you could meet a famous entertainer or athlete, who would that be, and why? Use specific reasons and examples to support your choice.
Essay 1: Everyone dreams to be handsome, rich and happy. Famous actors and actresses, pop stars or athletes are so popular because they realized the dreams many ordinary people have. If I could meet a famous entertainer or athlete, this person will be Julia Roberts. 
	Julia Roberts is a very talented actress. She can play many characters and each one is new and different. She seems to become the person she is portraying and gives a 100% to the performance. Pretty Women is my favorite because it was the first Julia movie that I saw and it was her big break. I still watch the movie to this day and enjoy it. Steel Magnolias is 2nd. Julia was in the company of a very talented cast and held her own. It’s a classic, something you always enjoy watching. 
	I loved Nottinghill because the movie was full of many emotions. It made you feel happy after seeing it. I enjoy all of her movies. I see them even if the critics dish the movie. If she is in a movie I know her performance will be worth seeing. Her Oscar was very worthy of her as she was of it. Her Oscar was a long time coming. I'm sure we can all look forward to many more great films to come and her always Oscar winning performance. Julia Roberts is not only beautiful, but she executes the characters she plays so well, that she can almost bring us to tears… almost. 
	If I had a chance to meet Julia, I would also thank her for always thinking of the poor and the needed. After the disaster in New York and Pennsylvania, her face looked the sincerest of all of the stars. Also, I heard on the news that Julia gave $2 million as a tribute. Recently, you pleaded at US congress for money on a children’s disease. Thank Julia for helping with such a kind heart especially during a time when so many have lost so much! I know that they appreciate your support and thoughtfulness, Julia. 
	Such is Julia Roberts, a pretty woman and America’s sweet heart, and she is the star that I definitely want to meet the most.
@Notes: 
Topic 91.	Asking a famous person @If you could ask a famous person one question, what would you ask? Why? Use specific reasons and details to support your answer.
Essay 1: If I could ask a famous person one question, I would like to ask the world famous scientist Li Siguang if our city could build a statue or monument to honor him. Because I think that he definitely deserves to be honored in some methods for his great achievements and building a statue or monument to honor him is appropriate. Besides, to honour him will stimulate our children to model this famous scientist and push themselves to study hard. But I have to ask his permission. 
	The famous geologist Zhao Siguang had made great achievements in geology. One of his famous discoveries is that he renewed the continental drift theory in China. By applying his new theory into practical use, protectors have been exploring a lot of crude oil wells and precious mineral sites in china. These discoveries have been promoting our industries greatly and therefore made him famous both in our country and in the world. We need to honour him for these achievements. 
	There are a lot of ways to honour a famous scientist like Li Siguang, such as to establish an extra holiday, to name a street after his name besides building a statue or monument. However, establishing a new holiday will involve a series of legislative process and there is already a street that is called after his name in our city. The left choice is to build a statue or monument to honor him. Besides, he was born in our city. My city is his hometown. So, I think nothing can be more appropriate to honor him than to build a statue or monument. 
	After the statue or monument having been built, our later generations of the city can model him more easily. Our children are usually to know this famous geologist from books and magazines, or hearing his name from their teachers. It is a little more difficult for our children to adore him because all the stories about the famous people are seemed to be similar to one another. From building a statue or monument to honor him, children can look up to him anytime and know that he was born in the city and just standing over there. This will stimulate them to study hard and hope themselves to be as famous as him in the future. 
	Overall, if I had the opportunity to ask a famous person one question, I would really want to know if our city could build a statue or monument to honor Li Siguang. We really should honor him for his achievements and his potential positive effect upon our children. However, he is too modest a person. So, I have to ask him about this question and hope that he will say “yes” to me.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: If I had the opportunity to sit down and meet one of my idols or heroes, I could come up with hundreds of questions to find out what they did to get where they are, but in particular I like to have asked Helen Keller, what would she have made of the technology available today to blind and deaf blind individuals? 
	When Helen Keller was nineteen months old, a serious illness almost took her life. She survived the disease had left her both blind and deaf. Her education contributed to her first teacher, Anne Sullivan. Anne taught Helen to finger spell, and manage to let her understand the meaning of words. Imagine how hard it is for a person both blind and deaf to relate words with real world objects, although she never had a chance to see those objects! 
	Another teacher Mary Swift Lamson who over the coming year was to try and teach Helen to speak. This was something that Helen desperately wanted and although she learned to understand what somebody else was saying by touching their lips and throat, her efforts to speak herself proved to be unsuccessful. However, Helen moved on to the Cambridge School for Young Ladies and later entered Radcliff College, becoming the first deaf blind person to have ever enrolled at an institution of higher learning. 
	After World War Two, Helen spent years traveling the world fundraising for the American 
	Foundation for the Overseas Blind. They visited Japan, Australia, South America, Europe and Africa. Her hard work and achievements was widely recognized throughout the world, and she was acknowledged as "the Miracle Worker". 
	If Helen Keller were born today her life would undoubtedly have been completely different. Her lifelong dream was to be able to talk, something that she was never really able to master. Today the teaching methods exist that would have helped Helen to realize this dream. What would Helen have made of the technology available today to blind and deaf blind individuals? Technology of today has enabled blind and deaf blind people, like Helen, to communicate directly, and independently, with anybody in the world.
@Notes: 
Topic 92.	Changing in weather @Some people prefer to live in places that have the same weather or climate all year long. Others like to live in areas where the weather changes several times a year. Which do you prefer? Use specific reasons and examples to support your choice.
Essay 1: There is no denying the fact that whether to choose a place that have the same weather all year long, or a place where the weather changes several times a year is a popular topic which is much talked about. Although it seems that normally we cannot tell which one outweigh the other between these two kinds of places, they deserve some close examination. 
	If three criteria were taken into account, I would prefer living in areas where the weather changes several times a year to living in places that have the same weather or climate all year long. There are no less than three advantages in this as rendered below. 
	First, varied weather or climate broadens the range of our pastimes. For example, we can go swimming in summer and go skiing in winter. If the place we live in has only hot weather all year long, like Singapore, most of us can never go skiing in our lives. 
	Secondly, the change of climate gives us opportunities to wear many kinds of clothes. Some say it is a waste of money to buy clothes depending on seasons. However, wearing various clothes, looking at others’ fashion, and feeling the change of seasons is very interesting for me. 
	Thirdly, changing of seasons is good for our health. When winter comes our body’s metabolism slows down, and when summer comes it speeds up, so that our body can maintain a good rhythm. Also snows in the winter can kill a lot of bacteria and bad insects, so that in the spring our chance of being infected to a disease is decreased and we can enjoy nice atmosphere and sceneries. 
	For these reasons, I prefer to live in areas that have several changes of weather. Only these three reasons can make a person draw the conclusion that living in areas that have season changes is better, not to mention there are more.
@Notes: 
Topic 93.	A good roommate @Many students have to live with roommates while going to school or university. What are some of the important qualities of a good roommate? Use specific reasons and examples to explain why these qualities are important.
Essay 1: At first glance it seems very difficult for us to define what the important qualities of a good roommate are. However, after serious considerations we can see that under most circumstances, a good roommate should at least have the following three qualities. 
	First of all, a good roommate should be open and willing to communicate. There are always issues regarding rent, bills, food and household duties, guests, privacy, noises, sharing and borrowing, to name a few, and interests and hobbies of roommates are not always the identical. There will always be conflicts among roommates. When problems or conflicts arise, roommates must openly discuss the issue and quickly reach a solution to the problem. In addition, a successful roommate situation requires good communication. Take time to talk frequently to each other; chatting with each other helps keep up the basic relationship which can provide the underpinning for a harmonious relationship. Therefore open and willing to communicate is the first important quality of a good roommate. 
	Secondly, an important quality of a good roommate is considerate and understanding. A good roommate understands what you need; He is a good friend and a good listener, and offer you help when you need it. Of course, you should not depend on your roommate to satisfy all your social needs. Make other friends and get involved in activities is also important, and could leave more private time for your roommate. 
	The third important quality of a good roommate is that he should be a hard worker, and have the desire to do better. As we know, roommates will always influence each other in some ways. As an old Chinese proverb, one who mixes with vermilion will turn red, one who touches pitch shall be defiled therewith. So like choosing a friend, it is very important to choose a roommate who has good qualities. 
	Of course, some roommates eat and socialize separately and barely get to know each other. They never become friends. Still, if your roommate possesses the above-mentioned qualities, your residential life will be peaceful and enjoyable.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: The important qualities of a good roommate.
	We become more independent and learn more life experience while live without families, but your roommates. However, to live with other people is neither easy nor difficult. You should learn how to be a good roommate, basically. 
	Believe or not, dormitory life is an extremely happy thing. You make new friends, experience independence, difficulties and enjoy the freedom. But all of these are based on your behaves as a good roommate.
	Firstly, you should know how to respect people. Not only your roommate, also people around you. It is the most important factor in our communications. Whatever what is your background, you are the same as your roommates, you guys are all equal. To respect your roommate, respect their religions and cultures. Do not laugh at esthetic people or racism. That is rude and stupid. We should respect what God created for us. Besides, you must respect your roommates' privately, everyone have right to have their secrets. 
	Take your duty and responsibility. You cannot ignore and think about those are negligible. Do not tend to ask your mates to do things what you have to do. Remember, no one will like a lazy and irresponsible roommate. In general, you should help to cleaning, put litter bags to dust heap, put things back after you used .To be quite when others are studying, take care of your men is another factor among. 
	In addition, you are one of members of your dormitory. Do not hide yourself behind, you are buddy of your roommates. Try to share your ideas, experience of study and life, your happiness etc. And you listen to your mates experience as well. Take care of your mates you dormitory will be lively then. 
	All in all, as long as you enjoy your dormitory life, get well with your friends, then you should be a good roommate. Whatever what you experiences, those of them will be a beautiful memorial of your rest of life. TRY IT.
@Notes: 
Topic 94.	Dancing in a culture @Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Dancing plays an important role in a culture. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Essay 1: Dancing is an important art form, and also plays an important role in a culture. Some dance spontaneously happens at celebrations as an expression of emotion or some happen in a more structured manner at ceremonies. 
	Dancing plays an important role in ceremonial events in many cultures. For example, during the Pukumani ceremony the dances performed reflect the relationship to the deceased. In Lebanon, the classical belly dancing still plays an important part at weddings, representing the transition from virgin bride to sensual woman, and is also popular in nightclubs. On the other hand, residents of the Greenland believe that the dancing and drum can be used as a tool to dissolve conflicts between people. 
	As we may see from the above examples, dancing is an integral part of many cultures. Of course, dancing does not have the same functions in our modern life, but many people in our society still find dancing an enjoyable form of entertainment and art. Young people go to disco with their friends to release their energies, and they find dancing a good way to relax and make friends. Older people dance together as a social event and a good means of exercise. In addition, many people go to theatres to enjoy performances of ballet and modern dances. Enjoying those beautiful dancing, music and costumes in a dance performance, can give us a beautiful experience, and help us develop appreciation of art, and enrich our after work life. 
	In conclusion, no one can deny that dancing plays an important role in a culture.
@Notes: 
Topic 95.	Basic needs or exploring space @Some people think governments should spend as much money as possible exploring outer space (for example, traveling to the Moon and to other planets). Other people disagree and think governments should spend this money for our basic needs on Earth. Which of these two opinions do you agree with? Use specific reasons and details to support your answer.
Essay 1: When we see photographs of starving children, it's hard to say that we should spend billions of dollars on space exploration. But that's just what we should do. Children don't need to be starving, but we do need to explore space. Right now, we have enough money to feed every person on Earth. Children are starving because of mismanagement of resources and simple human greed. Those are problems we can solve right here on earth. That shouldn't stop our need to find out what's beyond our own solar system. 
	We may never make contact with whatever other species there may be out there in space. Even so, there are still two very practical and positive consequences of space exploration. One is a certainty and the other is a possibility. The certainty is medical research. Yes, we can conduct research here on earth. But much of the research done in space, for example, on the effects of gravity on bone marrow, is making a difference in medicine here on Earth. When we do research in space, we also learn more about space exploration. Also, many of the inventions that were developed for space travel have been adapted to good use on Earth. 
	The possible consequence of space exploration is finding another planet human beings can colonize. Overpopulation is a huge problem on our planet. People are living longer, more healthful lives, and that's a good thing. But it means there are fewer people dying and more people being born. Eventually we'll have less space, fewer resources, and major distribution problems. If we can find another planet to live on, we can relieve the problems of overpopulation on our planet. 
	It's a tragedy that there are human beings suffering on Earth. However, if we wait until everyone has a perfect life, we will never explore space-and that, too, would be a kind of tragedy.
@Notes: 
Topic 96.	Reducing stress @People have different ways of escaping the stress and difficulties of modern life. Some read; some exercise; others work in their gardens. What do you think are the best ways of reducing stress? Use specific details and examples in your answer.
Essay 1: In today's society, everyday we may face some kind of stress and difficulties from work, school or family. In order to escape them, people have different methods. Some read, some exercise, while others work in their gardens. From my point of view, I would like to use different ways according to different stress. 
	First, the stress from work and school maybe the most common stress. In this circumstance, I like to listen to music, especially some inspiring music. When I appreciate it, I can transiently forget those unpleasant things and let my head sober. After listening to those inspiring music, I feel that I am full of encourage overcoming difficulties. Then I will calmly analyse my circumstance and find the way to solve problems. 
	If my stress comes from my family or my friends (for example, some misunderstanding and squabbles), I think that the best way to erase this stress is a sincere conversation. I will positively converse with my relatives and friends. I hope that I can know what their opinion is and also let them understand me. I feel that when we understand each other, all conflict will disappear. 
	In a word, everyone can find the best way that is suitable for himself/herself. But conservation and appreciating music are the most suitable for me to erase stress.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: Stress is one of our biggest enemies. It affects our health, our personality, and our relationships with others. In order to get rid of stress, I first have to identify the cause. I have different antidotes to stress depending on the cause. The most common types of stress I face are with work, with friends, and with myself. 
	Work-related stress is the easiest to combat. I simply stop working for a while. If I find myself picking up the same piece of paper four times a day and never doing anything with it, I blame stress. If I find- myself staring at the computer without finishing a report, I blame stress. The best thing to do is to do something else. Sometimes, I get up from my desk and go down the hall to talk to my colleagues, but I don't talk about work related subjects. Other times, I will take a short walk around the block and get some fresh air. Work-related stress can be cured by getting away from the work. 
	Stress caused by friends is more difficult to cure. Often the cause is more complicated. My friends could have a personal problem that causes them and me both anxiety. Or my friends could be angry at me or vice versa. Here, the cure for stress is talking about the problem and being with my friends. Unlike work, you can't walk away from your friends. 
	Stress I cause myself is also not so easy to get rid of. If I feel bothered by an exam or anxious about the future, there is very little for me to do. I just have to tell myself that I can only do my best and leave the rest up to fate. 
	It is important to try to lead a stress-free life. If you can avoid stress by walking away from it (like at work), talking through it (like with your friends) or facing it head on (like with yourself), your health, personality and relationships will benefit.
@Notes: 
Topic 97.	Paying for teachers @Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Teachers should be paid according to how much their students learn. Give specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.
Essay 1: Some communities have decided to base evaluations of teachers on students' test scores. It's these evaluations that determine how much teachers will be paid. I don't think this is a very good idea for several reasons. 
	First of all, if teachers' salaries are going to be based on how much students learn, then some teachers will start to teach their students only what they need to get high test scores. This means that students will miss out on a lot of education that can't be measured on a test. 
	For instance, one of the best methods to help students understand a subject is encouraging them to discuss it. A common practice is to divide the class into groups, have each group discuss the subject, and then have them report back to the whole class. This kind of shared learning can lead to a fuller understanding. It also teaches students how to discuss and debate ideas. However, it doesn't supply facts to show off on a test. 
	Another problem with basing teachers' salaries on how much their students learn is that teachers may ignore students who have learning difficulties. Some students learn more slowly than others and need more personal attention. If a teacher is worried about tests, he may feel he has to push the majority of the students to cram facts. That effort will take all his time. He won't be able to help the less able students. 
	It's true there are teachers who "burn out" after many years teaching and just don't care how much their students learn. Basing their salaries on their students' test scores may improve their efforts. However, it's not fair for the majority of teachers. They deserve and need to be judged by other criteria.
@Notes: 
Topic 98.	What thing representing your country @If you were asked to send one thing representing your country to an international exhibition, what would you choose? Why? Use specific reasons and details to explain your choice.
Essay 1: If I were asked to send one thing representing my country to an international exhibition, I'd send something unexpected: one week's worth of television programming. These programs would best represent my country. They show how the citizens of my country live and what they think and feel. 
	The dramas on television are very realistic. They show how people in different parts of the country go about their daily lives. They show how they earn their livings, how they deal with crime, and how they interact with each other. The dramas also show how people in various economic groups dress, what kinds of houses they live in, and what kinds of education their children receive. 
	The comedies indicate what people in my country think is funny. Even though the situations are exaggerated, they reflect how my culture deals with very basic human situations. People everywhere understand falling in love, raising a family, and earning a living.
@Notes: 
Topic 99.	Choosing your own roommate @You have been told that dormitory rooms at your university must be shared by two students. Would you rather have the university assign a student to share a room with you, or would you rather choose your own roommate? Use specific reasons and details to explain your answer.
Essay 1: I'd rather have the university assign a roommate to share a room with me. As far as I'm concerned, this is part of the university experience. Students should meet new people and be open to new experiences. I like leaving this up to chance. 
	Actually, even though the university will choose, it's not totally a matter of chance. We all filled out information sheets. The school knows what we're majoring in, what our interests are, and our study habits and our goals. I think they're probably very good at matching roommates using this information. They've had a lot of practice. Besides, if a mistake is made, I can change my room assignment next semester. 
	If I did want to choose my own roommate, I'd first pick some candidates from the list supplied by the university. Then I'd write to them and they'd write back. Through our letters, we'd find out if we shared common interests, such as sports or movies. More importantly, we'd find out if we liked doing the same things in our free time. Because of my investigation, I'd probably get someone compatible with me. It's a lot of work to go through, though. Besides, the process of finding similar interests isn't all that different from what the university does. 
	Trying to predict whom I'm going to get along with is not a science. I might choose someone who sounds just like me and still find that the two of us just don't get along as roommates. Besides, I think it would be boring to room with somebody who's just the same as me. I'd rather be with someone who has different interests and likes to do different things. Maybe I'd even get a roommate from another culture. After all, one of the reasons I'm going to the university is to be exposed to a lot of new experiences. So, I'd rather have the university choose my roommate for me.
@Notes: 
Topic 100.	Basic needs or buying computers @Some people think that governments should spend as much money as possible on developing or buying computer technology. Other people disagree and think that this money should be spent on more basic needs. Which one of these opinions do you agree with? Use specific reasons and details to support your answer.
Essay 1: I realize that it's important to stay up to date with our technology. So much, like our space and defense programs, depends on it. I've also read that we shouldn't let other governments get ahead of ours in the race for better technology. This could eventually put us at a disadvantage and our whole economy could suffer. Despite all this, I think our government should spend our tax dollars on more basic items before it gets into the business of developing computer technology. 
	We have so many problems in our society, and it seems every solution needs money. For instance, we talk about getting people off welfare. To do that we need money to give them jobs until they can support themselves. That means support training, day care for their children, and probably a monthly rent subsidy. All of those things can cost hundreds of millions of dollars. However, if we could solve a major problem like that, wouldn't it improve our society even more than new technology? 
	Another problem is that our transportation system is falling apart. Bridges have cracks in them. Highways buckle. Accidents happen because of these problems. We shouldn't put money into improving a computer chip when we have basic needs like these. 
	Besides, why should the government be in the business of developing technology? Aren't there several very successful corporations doing just that? Yes, it's probably less expensive in the long run for the government to develop-the technology. Nevertheless, in the short run, there are basic needs in our society that aren't being met. I think that's where the money should go.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: Some people think that government should spend as much money as possible on developing or buying computer technology, while others do not. As far as I am concerned, this money should be spent on some more basic needs, such as protecting the environment and improving the public service. 
	In the first place, nowadays the pollution of environment has become the main concern in the advanced society. The research said that human being would not find the clean water to drink if they did not do some work to keep their water clean. There would be no fresh air if every people in the city drive car to go and from work. And there would be no more wild animals if people let the forest be destroyed like what is to be done now. For example, the forest, which is the main habitat of the various animals, has been destroyed. More and more wild animals face the danger of extinction because of the shortage of habitats. Therefore, there are more basic things that a successful government should do such as keeping the water clean, keeping the air fresh, and keeping the animal healthy. 
	In the second place, some public service, such as the public transportation in the city, also is a big problem. The bus in the rush hours is overcrowded; some people cannot go to work on time because they do not catch the regular bus; some commuters spent too much time on the bus or train because of the traffic on the road. Consequently, government should spend more money to improve their public transportation, which will benefit their people a lot and benefit them instantaneously.
@Notes: 
