Topic 176.	Create a new holiday @Holidays honor people or events. If you could create a new holiday, what person or event would it honor and how would you want people to celebrate it? Use specific reasons and details to support your answer.
Essay 1: Most countries already have many holidays. In my country, China, we have nineteen official holidays. However, I believe that my new holiday, "Walking Day" would be very beneficial and should be added to the nineteen holidays China already has. In this essay, I will outline the three main reasons why "Walking Day" would be a very good holiday. 
	First, walking is good exercise. As we all know, people all over the world are becoming busier and busier. They are studying more and more so that they can have better jobs. When they work, they are working more and more. As a result, people have less time for other important things in their lives, including exercise. We can read reports in the newspapers everyday about people who have worse health and complain about poor health condition. Many of these problems could be reduced by exercising more and walking is one of the best and simplest exercises for people. 
	Second, by walking, we can reduce pollution and thereby protect the environment. As technology improves all over the world and people have more and more money, they are starting to use this money to buy automobiles. As a result, people are using public transportation less and less. Driving one's own car every day has had a very large impact on the environment as a result of the pollution created by gas burning automobiles. Walking is the perfect way to reduce pollution since there are so many other benefits as well. 
	Finally, by walking, people can slow down the pace of their lives. Perhaps this is one of the greatest benefits of walking more. Life at the beginning of the new millennium is stressful - people are competing with each other for better jobs, countries and companies are competing with each other for business. Many people start to forget about the importance of slowing down in their lives, of simply enjoying the moment. People need to contemplate life more. Walking is a perfect opportunity to slow down, think about life, and simply enjoy the big, beautiful world that we live in. 
	Finally, we could celebrate this holiday by encouraging people to walk instead of driving or taking the bus for at least one trip during the day. I believe that people could find at least one trip during the day that they could make on foot instead of some other form of transportation. For example, if people usually drive to a large supermarket to buy food, perhaps they could walk to a closer, smaller market to buy only a few things. I believe that while people were walking, they would be able to enjoy the exercise and the fresh air and would be able to think calmly and clearly. 
	In short, if I had to create a new holiday, I would create "Walking Day" because of the many simple benefits it could provide us.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: October 24 is Union Nations Day. The day is noted in the calendars, but not observed as a holiday around the world. I want the entire world to celebrate the birth of the United Nations because of its attempts to promote peace, education, and health around the world. 
	Peace is the most important thing that we can have today. The sooner that we can stop war the sooner we can all have better lives. There are countries around the world that have been at war for generations. In some of these countries, UN Peacekeepers have temporarily stopped the violence so people can go about their lives. If this peace could be made lasting, the lives of these citizens would be much richer. 
	The UN actively works to promote education. Universal literacy is one of its important goals. Every child in the world deserves to know how to read and write. The UN is also involved in job training for adults. The age of information technology demands new job skills.-The UN works with continuing education programs around the world so workers are not left out of the job market. 
	The UN has played an instrumental role in the eradication of smallpox. Polio vaccines and AIDS awareness programs have also helped reduce the incidence of these diseases. There is a lot to be done in these areas. 
	Much of the work of the UN is unknown and underappreciated. If we want to live in a peaceful world, where every child can attend school and where every citizen has access to health care, we need to support the work of the UN. We need to recognize its importance and celebrate its birthday.
@Notes: 
Topic 177.	Going on vacation or buying a car? @A friend of yours has received some money and plans to use all of it either to go on vacation and to buy a car. Your friend has asked you for advice. Compare your friend's two choices and explain which one you think your friend should choose. Use specific reasons and details to support your choice.
Essay 1: Between going on vacation and buying a car, I would like my friend to buy a car. Below is why. 
	The first and most important reason is that a car can bring him convenience. Undoubtedly, nowadays people rely on cars for transportation more than ever before. For example, when he drives a car to go shopping, he may feel more convenient and can pick up more groceries than before because he can put groceries in the car trunk instead of carrying them by hands. 
	Furthermore, when he wants to pick somebody up, or travel to a scenic spot, a car will make him feel convenient. 
	Another great reason why I encourage my friend to buy a car is that my friend will not spend much time on commuting anymore. Everyday we waste too much time on waiting for a bus or riding a bicycle to work. We all experienced the frustration of taking a bus. After having their own cars, such the problems will disappear automatically. 
	Of course, if my friend decides to use his money to go on a vacation, I think that there are some advantages also. For example a vacation may increase his personal experience and knowledge, and may even reduce many troubles that are related to a car. But if all the factors are contemplated, I think that the advantages of buying the car will carry more weight than those of going on vacation. 
	From what has been discussed above, I may safely draw the conclusion that buying a car will be correct choice for my friend.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: Trying to decide how to use your money is always tough. Should you use your money to buy a car or go on a vacation? Both afford lasting pleasure, but of a very different kind. From a vacation you get the pleasure of doing wonderful things and of totally relaxing and enjoying yourself. The memories you bring home with you can give you that same pleasure again every time you think of them. 
	A car also gives you pleasure, every time you drive it. There's the pleasure of not having to depend on public transportation. You can go places off the beaten track, where public transportation doesn't go. There is also the pleasure of being independent. You are able to go anywhere your car can take you, without depending on others. 
	A vacation gives you the opportunity to learn new things and meet new and interesting people. However, it's only for a short period of time. A car gives you the same opportunities on a smaller level, but on a more regular basis. With a car, you can go someplace new every weekend. You can also join a car pool. That way you can share travel expenses with the new people you meet. 
	Some people might say that spending your money on a vacation instead of on a car is being impractical. But nothing is as satisfying as a really good vacation. It's mentally and physically healthy. It gives you a chance to get away from all that is familiar to you and see the world from a new perspective. It lets you do nothing but play, the way you did when you were a child. Being able to play, even for a short period of time, is absolutely necessary for everyone's mental health. I would choose the vacation, because we all deserve to indulge ourselves sometimes.
@Notes: 
Topic 178.	The 21st century @The 21st century has begun. What changes do you think this new century will bring? Use examples and details in your answer.
Essay 1: Now that we are in a new millennium, we can assume there will be changes in the world. I predict that the changes will be in the areas of information dissemination, global alliances, and family structure. 
	In the past decades, the computer was responsible for changing the way information was organized. Now, the computer plus the Internet is changing the way information is spread. Information will now be universally available to anyone with a computer. You will not have to go to libraries to do research; you will not have to travel to visit scholars; you will not have to go to a bookstore to buy a book. You can do all of this from your home on the computer. 
	In the past decades, the nations of the world aligned themselves with the United States, the former Soviet Union, or with one another in a loose alliance. In the future, these alliances will be more fluid. Some countries will align politically with one country, but economically with another. Some countries will share technology and other information, but will not trade together. Some countries, which have long been enemies, will align militarily for regional security. 
	The family structure will not be based on a mother/father/child pattern. Single parent families will be more common and often the child will not be a biological child of the single parent, but will be adopted. Other family structures like domestic partnerships will become more accepted. 
	Whatever the changes may be, whether in the way we receive information, the way nations align with one another, or the way family units are defined, you can be sure that there will be more change. Change is a constant.
@Notes: 
Topic 179.	Some qualities of a good parent @What are some of the qualities of a good parent? Use specific details and examples to explain your answer.
Essay 1: Different parents have different methods to teach their own children. When faced with the decision of what some of the qualities of a good parent are, each person has his own opinion. From my point of view, I consider that consideration, encouragement, communication, and care are the qualities of a good parent. There are numerous reasons why I hold the above opinion, and I would explore only a few of the important ones here. 
	The primary reason why I persist in the above opinion is that these qualities help parents and children to understand each other. For example, consideration is a key to good relationships between parents and their children. When parents stand at children's point of view, it is easier for them to understand why children is behaving like that, and what they are thinking. This is will give parents a full understanding, and they will be able to find a suitable method to teach his children what to do correctly and how to do on such a thing. By such consideration and communication, children, of course, can accept their parent's advice. Meanwhile they can eliminate the so-called "generation gap", and the relationship between parents and their children is getting along very well. 
	Another factor which should deserve some words is that these qualities can promote children to make progress. For instance, encouragement is an effective way for a parent to teach his children. When a child fails to do something, because of his limited knowledge and experience, if his parent can encourage the child to do it again and help the child analyze the reason why what he has done is wrong. Then the child can learn more knowledge and will try it again, and he will succeed in doing such a thing finally. 
	What is more, these qualities help children grow up healthily. When parents take care of their children, children can feel family’s care and can stay at home very happy. This is very useful for children to grow up healthily. With these, children can form excellent character and be confident in doing things. 
	In a word, to be a good parent is not an easy thing, but with parents’ effort, each parent can do it very well. From what I have stated above, you may agree with my statement that consideration, encouragement, communication and care are the qualities of a good parent.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: I am fortunate to have good parents so it is easy for me to identify the qualities that make them good. These qualities are unconditional love, trust, and respect for me and my brothers and sisters. 
	All mothers and fathers love their children. They nurture them and keep them from harm. But not all love is unconditional. Some parents would not love their children if they married someone of a different religion or from a different ethnic group. Some parents would not love their children if they were of a different sexual orientation. My parents would. My parents-would love us regardless of whom we married or whom we chose to love. 
	Part of unconditional love is trust. My parents trust us to do what is right. They know we would never do anything to hurt them or to disgrace them. They trust us so we trust them. We are confident that they would never do anything to hurt us. 
	Because our parents love us, they also respect us. They treat us as individuals. They accept our differences. They do not expect us to be like them. They want us to be our own persons. They want us to make our own way in the world, not follow in their footsteps. 
	Without their love, I would not be as confident as I am. Without their trust, I would not be free to do what I want. Without their respect, I would not feel comfortable being on my own. All children should have such wonderful parents.
@Notes: 
Topic 180.	Why are movies so popular? @Movies are popular all over the world. Explain why movies are so popular. Use reasons and specific examples to support your answer.
Essay 1: Like most young guys I like movies very much. If you ask me why movies are so popular I think there are 4 reasons. 
	Firstly, movies in English are an effective tool for learning English. I remember when I went to XingDongFang School to study English I always worried about my poor listening skill. Then I accepted a teacher’s advice and started to watch some English movies. What made me happy was that I can guess what the characters in the movies say and I can learn some useful words and expressions from them. Gradually I found that English is not so difficult to understand and it became more and more interesting to me. Now I can say movies not only improve my listening skill but also make me more interests in learning English. 
	Secondly, movies can satisfy different people's need. Some married people like romantic movies. From those they can know what true love is. Some young people like action movies. Some older people may like classic movies that can remind the past things. So it is obvious that movie can enrich people's spiritual life. 
	Thirdly, movies can open people's eyes. Now with the modern technique, scientist can show people what outside space look like in movies. Geologists can show people what earth looks like millions of years ago. It is through movies that people can know cultures from many other foreign countries without traveling. 
	In a word, movie has been a part of people's life. Nevertheless I don't think that movies like horrible movies and porn movies are good for all people; everyone knows that young people can mimic language and behaviors that the movie showed easily so that a movie rating system is necessary.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: Have you ever seen a film that tears your tear? Have you ever impressed on the movie about a love story? Have you ever found a lot of things that you did not know from movies? If you do, I believe that you will know why movies are popular all over the world. Among countless factors with the popularity of movies, there are three conspicuous aspects as follows. 
	The main reason for its popularity is we can learn many things from movies. From a movie about love, we can learn how to communicate with our lovers when there are some crisis between our emotions. From a movie about history, we can learn what has happened before and how the mankind evolved. From a movie about war, we can learn how cruel the war is, and how important the peace is. 
	Another reason can be seen by every person is that movies have become the relaxation mode little by little. In a silver moonlight, it is so romantic to go to see a love story movie with your girlfriend or your boyfriend. Even you can imitate the story that happened in the movie with your girlfriend or boyfriend, I believe you can find it is very funny, and it will be a deep impression on the love between you and him or her. 
	Furthermore, I think movies are just like art. A good art will attract lots of people, so a creative movie will also be popular all over the world. With the developing of the technology, I am sure more and more good movies will be created by the director and other movie workers. 
	From all we have discussed, there is no doubt that movie is one of the most popular entertainment all over the world.
@Notes: 
Essay 3: Movies are popular because people are great watchers. They like to watch other peoples' lives. They like to live vicariously. By going to movies, we can escape our own lives, share other emotions, and imagine ourselves as someone else. 
	Many of our lives are not as adventurous or glamorous as the lives in movies. We do not battle evil all day long and then go back to our luxurious penthouse apartment. We just go to school, do our homework, eat, talk to our friends, and sleep. We need a little excitement in our lives and we find excitement at the movies. 
	Humans are very emotional people. We all like to cry and laugh. Fortunately, there is not much to cry about in my life so I like to go to sad movies where my heart strings can be tugged. I also like to go to comedies so I can laugh. I tend to cry and laugh more in a dark movie theatre than I do in broad daylight.
	Now lama student, but I know someday I will be a scientist or a politician or a famous model. When I go to the movies, I can see my role models. I see how they act, what they wear, how they talk. I can prepare myself for the day when I will be like them. 
	Even though my life is quiet, I can go to the movies and watch someone else's life. I can share their emotions and their everyday life. I wonder if they would like to share mine.
@Notes: 
Topic 181.	Need for land @In your country, is there more need for land to be left in its natural condition or is there more need for land to be developed for housing and industry? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Essay 1: It's hard to deny that with the developing of economics there is more and more land used for housing and industry. But to use land is a two-folded weapon: you may get benefits from it, but in many cases you may meet troubles. 
	For my country, China, which has her children far more than any other country, the need to leave land in its natural condition outweighs the need to develop it for housing and industry. Here are the reasons for it. 
	First, China is one of the most polluted countries in the world. The need for land to be left undeveloped is more necessary now than ever before. Because in this way the land will bring us many plants and beasts, especially plants, which contribute much to lessen pollution and make the earth a good place for living. 
	Besides, leaving the land alone is important for a country to develop permanently. If we used up all the land for housing and industry, what shall we leave for our offspring? A polluted earth with her shopping face? That is a problem more and more recognized by many scenes and pollution alike. 
	The last but not the least, the number of persons live in China is growing rapidly. To leave the land alone now and developed it when it is necessary and can be used feasibly is the best way to solve the problem referred before. 
	In all, though it is a hard choice, more and more people are aware that the need for land to be left in its natural condition is more than be developed for housing and industry.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: Even though our population is increasing and land is needed for housing and development, I would hope that our country could save the land in its natural state for future generations to enjoy. This land would be good for promoting tourism, for preserving the environment, and for remembering our history. 
	Although tourism has many negative side effects, it is an industry that can create enormous revenues. Tourists of course need something to see. They would not come to our country to see rows of apartment buildings or new industrial parks. What is interesting for tourists is the pristine countryside that our country is known for. 
	Preserving the land as it is, would be good for the environment. More factories and other industries would further pollute our rivers and air. We need trees and wide open spaces to make us feel like humans, not machines. 
	Untouched land reminds us of our history. When we walk through the countryside, we can imagine our ancestors on the same path. If we cover the earth with asphalt and concrete, we will lose touch with our past. We will forget our roots. 
	Preserving the land is good not only for the economy and the environment, it is good for us as citizens of our soil. We must preserve what little we have left. Can we afford not to?
@Notes: 
Topic 182.	People and their pets @Many people have a close relationship with their pets. These people treat their birds, cats, or other animals as members of their family. In your opinion, are such relationships good? Why or why not? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Essay 1: Human has a long history of feeding pets. With the development of human society more and more people have pets in their families. They love to accompany by their pets and they look them as their family members. They eat with their pets, stroll with their pets, and even sleep with their pets. And I think having a close relationship with pets is very good for people, the reasons why I say so as follows. 
	First, having a pet is very good for children. Children always need someone to play with them, take care of them, but their parents can't do it all the time. When children have a pet, for example, a dog, they will be attracted by it and spend most of their time playing with it. The children won't feel lonely when their parents can't take care of them. Besides, that also make parents have their own time to do something they need. 
	Second, pets are also good for adults, especially those work under pressure. Now many people work so hard everyday that they don't have time to relax and talk with friends. If they have pets, whenever they get to home they can talk to them, look them as persons, and tell them what they are anxious about. This would help people to reduce their pressure and make them have a better mood. 
	Third, most of the owners of pets are senior citizens. That's not a coincidence. Because youngsters leave home for their new lives. They don't have much time to spend with their parents. The old people feel so lonely when they facing the empty rooms. Pets can reduce their loneliness. Old people can take care of them, feed them, and talk to them just like taking care of their own children. And the medical research shows that patting pets, such as cats and dogs can reduce the blood pressure, this is also very important to old people. 
	Although sometimes pets make your room a mess, break your favourite vase, even some time they bite you, the advantages of having a close relationship with pets overweight the disadvantages. Have a pet if you like and enjoy it.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: Nearly everybody has ever kept one or more pets. There are dogs, cats, birds and even horses and gorillas. Many people treat them just like their own friends, boys or girls, brothers or sisters. But other people dislike keeping pets. Personally, I approve of such relationship because I think pets are so lively and easy-going. 
	First of all, sometimes people have to show their kindness to others. Pets are so beautiful and lively that everyone likes them. When pets are hungry, people cook delicious food for them, when pets are ill, people take care of them. The owners have to help their pets wash themselves and tell them stories and say goodnight to them. People may find it’s very hard and tiring. But they also find they are so omnipotent and important to their pets. 
	In the other hand, Pets are so reliable and loyal. When the old feel lonely or sad, their pets stay at their sides. People can tell the pets their feelings, dreams and secrets. Not only will the pet listen to him or her, but it will also feel the same feelings as the narrator. They can help people get released and forget the sadness quickly. Pets do be our best friends. 
	Although, as a matter of fact, some people have pointed out that sometimes pets can cause a lot of troubles. They may carry terrible diseases and they hurt you. Other people think the more time playing with pets, the more likely away from the society. That may not be very serious and even true. Pets are our good friends, they give us joy and also teach us how to communicate with us and build up friendship. So what we have to know is a little knowledge about protection and prevention. 
	From above, we need no hesitation to say that it is good for people to have a close relationship with their pets.
@Notes: 
Essay 3: I think being very close to a pet can be both a positive and a negative thing. Health professionals have concluded that having a pet is very healthy for everyone. People who have heart disease or similar health problems are often urged to get a pet because it can lower your blood pressure. However, some people get anxious about their pets. If you always worry about the pet getting lost or not getting the right food to eat, then that isn't healthy for you. 
	Many pets are very loving and it's easy to love them back. Some people, though, go overboard. They treat their pets like one of the family. Sometimes they even set a place for them at the table or give them their own rooms in the house. They treat them as if they were children. Some pets are, in fact, substitutes for children. People need to keep their perspective about their pets. Dressing a pet up in clothes like a child is not emotionally healthy. Pets are animals and get confused if you expect them to act like human beings. 
	There are now stores devoted entirely to pets. They sell pet food, pet toys, pet clothes, and pet homes. Pets should be given appropriate food, and they should have a few toys, since they need some enjoyment just like humans do. However, some pet owners spend hundreds of dollars on supplies for their pets. There are children in the world who don't have clothes or food or toys. It would be better to give some of that money to charity. 
	Feeling close to your pet can be very satisfying and healthy, as long as you don't overdo it.
@Notes: 
Topic 183.	Learning about a country @Films can tell us a lot about the country where they were made. What have you learned about a country from watching its movies? Use specific examples and details to support your response.
Essay 1: Most people like watching movies made from different countries, not only because they can know about these countries' history, what is like in their daily life, but also their various attitude and ideas towards life. 
	Firstly, movies can reflect a country’s history. Based on different historical backgrounds, movies can give us a lot of information about a country's past. For those who have the background historical knowledge, they can have a better understanding about the movie; while for those who have little knowledge about the history can start to know it from the movie they are watching. For example, many historical movies focus on a certain period of the history. Obviously, each country has a totally different history. Thus, by watching these movies, we will know more about other countries' history which will help us increase our knowledge and understanding about other countries. 
	Furthermore, movies can show different social and cultural environment and various customs, which attract many moviegoers. Although people have more and more chances to travel abroad to see the world, this is not always the case for everyone. Movies give us a convenient way to know more about the outside world. From movies, we get to know that "toast" cab mean different thing to different countries, such as "good luck" to Americans, "bad luck" to Hungarians. From movies, we get to know how Americans live and what food they eat, which bring us closer to the world even when we stay at home. 
	Finally, by watching movies, we may know other people's attitudes and ideas towards life. 
	Sometimes we may feel depressed or frustrated just because of some small problems in our lives. We always feel pessimistic toward life, but from movies, we know Americans are optimistic towards their lives even in bad situations. Their attitudes will definitely change our ideas and make us cherish the life. What's more, we may know Americans like to take risks; while Frenches like a relaxed life and Italians like romance. 
	In short, movies are like encyclopaedias which can give us much knowledge about other nations we may have no chances to go. Thus we should encourage people to watch more good movies to know the world better.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: As the advance of technology, the understanding and communication among countries are becoming deeper and wider. One of the most important ways for people to understand each other’s culture is by watching films. From watching movies from other countries, we can learn a lot about that country. 
	One important aspect of film of a country is that you can learn about its history. Historical film is one of the most popular themes used by filmmakers. Though U.S. has only a history of two hundred years, their films can give a complete picture and even extended definition of different period of history. From American movies we can learn a lot about what happened during the independent war, the civil war and the recent gulf war. Only movies can give us entertainment as well as a chance to understand history of another country. 
	Another equally important thing about movies is that they can teach us the custom of a country. We can see this clearly from the films about love. From those the large difference of ideology and character among western and eastern countries are shown. For example, a typical romantic story happened in a western film will contain plot as follows, the coincident meeting, the short period of contacting and the quickness of falling in love with each other. But what happens in an eastern movie is quite different. The plot will contain the long period of pursuing from one side, the complex feeling by the appearance of a third person, the last happy time of an experienced love. Love is among many different custom of a country, and by the explanation of films you can surely get a better understanding of it. 
	Apart from the history and the custom of a country, what people want to know more is the present life and society of a country, then a film will be no doubt the best way to learn about them? It cannot only show the good side of the society but also the problems as well. For example, the films of Hollywood cannot only show us the problems such as drug dealing, abusing of guns, the psychological problems of young adults, but also tell us the rapid growth of the economy and the technology of the country. 
	From all those reasons above, watching movies will be undoubtedly the best way to learn about a country well.
@Notes: 
Essay 3: Do you ever watch movies from other countries? Whenever I do, I think about how similar people really are all around the world. Even though the cultures and languages in those movies are different from mine, people all around the world are alike in their goals and emotions. 
	One time, I saw a movie made in China that showed parents helping their children with their homework. My parents helped me the same way. Another time I saw a movie from Argentina. It showed school children playing hide and seek, which is a game I used to play with my friends during recess. Seeing these films demonstrated to me that education is a common goal in every country. Parents want their children to learn so their lives will improve. It also showed me that children in schools everywhere want to play with their friends. Sometimes the games are similar to ours and sometimes they're different. Still, they all have the common purpose of fun and learning to work together. 
	Earning a living is another common goal. I've often seen that in movies about other countries. In some countries, people choose their careers from what they like and are good at. In other countries, careers are chosen for them, following the traditions of their families. But in every country it seems that people care a great deal about earning a living, and working hard is respected. 
	Showing people having fun together is always an important part of any movie, no matter what country it comes from. People everywhere want to be entertained, and want to spend time with their families and friends. Different cultures sometimes enjoy different activities, but all cultures enjoy some form of sports, music and dancing. 
	The movies I've seen make it clear to me that no matter the cultural differences between countries, people everywhere have the same basic needs and goals.
@Notes: 
Topic 184.	Studying alone or with a group? @Some students prefer to study alone. Others prefer to study with a group of students. Which do you prefer? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Essay 1: Maybe someone will choose to study with a group of students, and they can give you sound reasons for their choice. I prefer to study alone because I am sure that study alone will prefer you with silence, freedom and enough choice, which is indispensable for a student, but regrettably, group study cannot offer. 
	First, when you study alone, you will not be abstracted by the sound made by other students from your study. It is fretful that when you want to study hard but others drone beside your ears like bees. And always you will be angry enough to begin to quarrel with them. That will certainly lead to an unfruitful study. 
	Second, many people have their own study styles. Some want to have something to eat when he is studying, some want to lie down with a book in his hand, while still some want to study without anything doing. And when you study alone, you can take your favourite way and needn't regard what others feel. 
	Third, studying alone prefer you with enough choice as you want to do. You can have your media playing, you can open the window, and also, you can sing your song when you are in a high spirit. That is great. I always sing a good song when I solve a difficult problem and to think that nobody will criticise you for making noise is a lovely experience. 
	So, may there some problems for studying alone, I’ll prefer to study alone.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: As a student in university, I can live in the dormitory or live alone. Someone thinks it is better to live in the dormitory, but someone does not think so. Both patterns of living in the dormitory and living alone present advantages and disadvantages. But in my opinion, I prefer living in the dormitory to living alone. 
	The main reason I choose to live in the dormitory is I can learn how to get along well with each other. I am the only child in my family and my parents love me much, so I am self-centred in my life more or less and I do not know how exactly to deal with the complex social relationship between peoples. Living in the dormitory with the roommates, I gradually pay attention to my words and behaviors and make them not disturb the others. I learn to listen to the others, share things with them, help them as possible as I can and no longer just think of myself. I feel happy because I make many friends and become livelier by doing so. If I live alone, it is no use of improving my ability in social relationship and maybe I will stuffier than before. 
	It may be also note that it can save money when I live in the dormitory because the costs of living will be shared with the roommates. But I will afford the cost by myself if I live alone. It is well known that the costs of living are much cheaper in the dormitory, and I am a student, still a consumer and I have no income. It is hard to afford it. So, there is an another factor effect my choice. 
	Moreover, I can learn to care about others while living in the dormitory. If I live alone, I may not care about whether my room is neat or not, whether my things are in order or not, whether my bed cover need to be washed or not and so on. However, I live in the dormitory, with my roommates, I sure I will care about them. Because I care the opinions of the others, they will know me through my room, my bedcover, my things and so on. I need to remain a good impression to the others. 
	Given the factors I have just outlined, it is wiser to live in the dormitory for me.
@Notes: 
Essay 3: Some students prefer to study alone, while others prefer to study with friends. Although studying with friends has its advantages, in my point of view, I would like to study alone. The reasons are as follows. 
	When you study, especially when you study some subjects which are hard to understand, such as math and physics you need to concentrate on them. That requires a quiet environment without distractions. Studying alone can provide that, you can read your books and think of questions without being disturbed. It will help you to understand the knowledge better and to remember the knowledge better. 
	Furthermore, studying alone has another advantage that studying with friends does not have. That is it forces you to think. When you face some questions hard to solve, and there is no other students around you, you have to think of the questions hard and try you best to solve them. This gives you an opportunity to improve your ability to deal with problems by yourself. Obviously, studying with friends cannot give you these. Because when you meet some questions, you probably turn to friends for help. 
	The third advantage of studying alone is also the most important reason. It can make you think independently and have your own opinions. You have to think independently when you study alone. No one can give you interference or suggestions. You will not be affected by other people’s opinions. That can help you create your own thoughts, not to become a parrot. After all, the best parrots still live in cages. 
	Though studying with friends has some advantages, for instance, it can help you to solve your questions faster and improve your friendship, however I think the advantages of studying alone overweight these of studying with friends. My preference would be to study alone.
@Notes: 
Essay 4: Do you like to sit alone in a quiet place pondering on the solutions in your study? Or you would favour discussing the subjects with several friends? The question of the condition of study, which plays an important role in the process and outcome of study, is often met with diverse answers. Some people choose to study alone, enjoying peaceful surrounding without disturb; others, however, would rather join a group of people, sharing different ideas with them. As far as I am concerned, I prefer the latter for the following argument. 
	To begin with, there is no denial that studying alone helps better concentration on the problems, consistency in the trail of thought, and establishment of the ability to handle problems by oneself. But what if it comes to confront the difficulties one cannot break through single-handed? 
	To consult with several people may be greatly conducive. Studying with a group of people will offer you a chance to exchange opinions with others, and often can discussion help you out of your predicament, or at least achieve enlightenment which lead to what you are in search for. Writer or designer, for example, seldom works out wonder or classic alone with door closed. On the contrary, their resources accrue from communication with other people, learning, feeling, and progressing. 
	Secondly, studying in group can help build teamwork consciousness, which is much needed in today’s competition world. To study means not only the improvement of knowledge, but also the development of mental quality. Both can benefit from group study. Presentations in university are often required to be performed by a group of students. With a common goal to practice and rehearse, students usually attach great enthusiasm and spare no effort to achieve for self and group. 
	Study knows no bounds. Moreover, studying in group can expand one’s horizon, you will learn to consider problems from different perspectives. 
	In conclusion, despite some minor drawbacks such as lack of private time in study, studying in group, compared with studying alone, is instrumental rather than detrimental for a student’s education, and thus will not fail to be a wise choice.
@Notes: 
Essay 5: Study habits are a very individual thing. Some people like to study alone, while others like to study with a group. Personally, I would rather study alone, but I can see advantages to both ways. 
	It can be very helpful to study with other students. For one thing, you can exchange information about the topic. Not everyone is going to hear everything the teacher says in class. Comparing notes is a good way to be sure you get what you missed. You can also discuss various aspects of the topic. Other students can bring a different perspective to the discussion. They can point out things you may not have thought of, and help you make your arguments clearer. 
	Studying with other students can also help keep you focused on studying. If you’re in a study group, you have to be at a particular place to study at a particular time. This is good discipline. The group reviews all the material available and then begins studying. There's not a lot of wasted time, if things work the way they should. 
	Of course, it doesn't help if you're in a study group that doesn't take studying seriously. Then you'd be much better off studying by yourself. If you're trying to study with friends and all they want to do is talk about other things, you'd get more done going somewhere to study by yourself. Being with people who don't want to study can mean you'll be constantly distracted. There'll be a lot of interruptions, and you won't gain much hearing their points of view on a study subject. 
	Finally, whether you study alone or in a group depends a lot on your own study habits and on your personality. If you need absolute quiet to study, then you're better off alone. If you're a very social person, then you're better off studying alone, too; you'll be too tempted to socialize instead of studying. This is the reason I prefer studying alone. When I'm with other people, I want to play. I don't want to work.
@Notes: 
Topic 185.	Purchasing a house or a business? @You have enough money to purchase either a house or a business. Which would you choose to buy? Give specific reasons to explain your choice.
Essay 1: If I had enough money to buy either a house or a business, I'd buy a house. A business may succeed or fail. It's also possible I might change my mind about what I wanted to do in business. However, a home is a lifetime gift to myself. 
	Right now I'm in a small apartment, with barely enough room for everything. All my furniture and the things I've accumulated since I left college barely fit. I have almost no closet space left. This means my clothes are always wrinkled because they're crushed together. I don't have any place to put my cleaning supplies, nor room for more than one set of sheets and towels. A new house would mean a lot more room for all these things. 
	I love having plants around. It's very healthy for the air inside and it's cheerful to have living things growing in a room. Right now I have plants sitting on tables. This is the best I can do in an apartment. I'd like to have a garden instead. That way I could grow a lot of different kinds of plants and flowers, and I could have a vegetable garden in the summer. 
	Besides having a garden, I'd like to have a backyard with lots of trees and a small fountain in the corner. I love watching birds and listening to them sing. On the windowsill of my apartment, I put out bird seed every morning. In the hot weather, I put out a shallow tin plate with water in it for the birds. The trees and the fountain in my backyard would give me pleasure, but they'd really be for the birds. The trees would give them a place to nest, and the fountain would be a source of fresh water when it's hot. 
	Can you picture my dream house? A business would only give me money. A house would give me someplace special to be myself.
@Notes: 
Essay 2: I will purchase the big house so that I can live and work comfortable. The house nearby the beach is my whole life dream when I was young. The advantage of house is the shield of noisy without others, and is quiet and freely. 
	First, the basic essential for the people is living. Living is vital for the family in the world. We can concluded that the house is the aim pursuing by the people. The whole day fatigue of person is replying on the sleeping in the big house which have the first-rate electric such as the air conditions, digital TV Sets, wireless cell phone, fridge, Water-machine, computer, notebook, etc. So, the house is important and necessary for the people every day. 
	Second, the enjoyment of house is evident, the entertainment with the colleague, relatives, friends, family member to sing the song, dance by the music, do the piano, violin, etc. The wonderful party held in the house is available for the celebrate the birthday or appointment. The house provide much more happiness for the people who delight it. 
	The health and energy of person own his house will do better business, the person will contribute themselves to the big business for the great achievement. The people purchase the house is rapidly growth annually. So, I will own my dream house because I extremely like it and design it with my full ideas so that it’s beautiful and splendid. I really like live in the big house and care it.
@Notes: 
Essay 3: Some people prefers to purchase a house if he has enough money, and other people would like to purchase a business instead. Personally, I would prefer buying a house because I think it has more advantages. 
	There more numerous reasons why I would like to purchase a house, and I would in here explain a few of the most important ones. The main reason is that it will make many benefits to our lives. If you purchase a house, you will have a quiet, fixed place to do your own business, for example, you can work at home, and you can have a party with your friends or relatives in your house and so on. 
	Another reason why I advocate the attitude of purchasing a house is that it's convenient for us to relax ourselves. Nowadays, we all have to work hard almost every day and it will be beneficial for us to relax ourselves in our spare time. We can do many exercises or go out for entertainment. But if it happens to rain or snow, what should we do? We could enjoy ourselves also, if we have a house. 
	Last but not least, it's a requisite for a family. If you a married man, you have to be responsible to your family, your wife and your children. Basically, it's most important to provide enough space to your children to grow up. And do you agree that it's helpful for your wife to cook in a larger kitchen? 
	Of course, choosing purchasing a business also has advantages to some extent, for example, you can make yourself more wealth and experienced. But if all these factors are contemplated, the advantages of purchasing a house carry more weight than those of purchasing a business. From what has been discussed above, we may finally draw the conclusion that if you purchase a house, your life will be rich and colourful.
@Notes: 
Essay 4: If I had the chance of purchasing either a house or a business, I would prefer the latter. There are a lot of reasons for the choice, and I would like to put them in the following way. 
	First, we live to improve ourselves, not just to satisfy our demands for material comforts. Indeed, it is everybody’s dream to live in a luxurious house with spacious rooms, private swimming pools and servants. What a nice picture of life! But wait, a business can offer more. Buying a business and run it will not only give us a chance to challenge our ability and skills, but also can help accumulate our wealth. There is nothing more satisfying than watching your knowledge, ability and investment turning into wealth. 
	Second, the choice of being an entrepreneur means that you are a spiritually strong person, you are confident about yourself and you have the nerve to face the possible loses in a business. These are very important qualities to success in today’s world. On the other hand, choosing to buy a house means relatively more conservative, shorter sighted to me. I cannot see much vision and gut in these people. 
	Third, choosing to purchase and run a business can we get more knowledge and experiences? A business is a complex system. In order to run a business well, we must learn very hard for the most current knowledge of management, accounting and marketing. We also have to know the area of specification very well, dealing with various people from government agencies, suppliers and dealers, as well as our own employees. Of course, a business is not always making money, sometimes there are risks of lose. But what to regret after you already acquired so much knowledge and experiences. Yes, comparing to buying a house, there is much more to worry about, but with buying a business we can really get into something and gain a lot.
@Notes: 
